i can't believe i'm eating this
i can't believe you're eating it either
you know that man looks like someone i
know
that man just left something at his
table that's david doolittle
the actor
he left his hat and his gloves
and his cell phone and his keys
hold these what are you doing i'm giving
him back his hat
what about these sir excuse me
sir
is this hat yours that's mine yes thank
you did i leave it here
i saw it under your table
thanks again you're welcome if you don't
give him back the rest of his things i
will
just wait sir excuse me
sir yes
are these gloves yours they're mine i'm
forgetting everything aren't i
aren't you david doolittle
well i am yes i'm marie le page
i'm a big fan thank you and
thanks for these my pleasure
mr you little
what would i do without you
you know i'm missing my mobile have you
seen it
i don't see it under your table i'm in a
hurry
if you do find it would you be so kind
as to call me
my office i'd be happy to
thank you bye
i have david doolittle's phone number
and his cell phone
[Music]
well i still think it's wrong
cheryl
what's going on marie just stole
david doolittle's cell phone david
doolittle was here
i didn't steal it he left it and i'm
waiting to return it until tonight
he asked if it was under the table you
said it wasn't
it wasn't under the table because it was
in my pocket
well i think that's wrong it's not wrong
he'll get his phone back what do you two
think
what are you going to do now i'm going
to call him tonight
tell him i found his phone and asked him
to meet me for dinner
you're going to ask him to dinner sure
why not
women don't ask men to dinner
do they
oh don't be so old-fashioned
cheryl this is the 21st century
women ask men out to dinner all the time
don't say
well i still think it's wrong you should
have given him the phone
cheryl i have to tell you something
what do you remember when we met
of course i was at the park
i'd lost my bag and you helped me find
it
took us two hours we talked and talked
and
i became more interested in bob than in
finding the bag
well actually i found your bag in two
minutes
but i waited two hours to tell you
i thought you were the most amazing
woman i had ever met
and if you had found your bag right away
you would have left
and we wouldn't be here right now
that is so romantic
that's why i love this man
if it works for bob it might work for me
oh
you and david do little
fantastic calling
for the next trip okay
okay hello everyone you remember ms
novak hello
hi ms novak has just opened an art
gallery here
i've asked her to find some pieces to
decorate our office
she's brought some things for us to look
at today i have a painting
a sculpture and a photograph that i
think you'll like
here's the painting
this was painted by a russian artist
that i really like
it's called sun on the water
the artist was inspired by looking at
the sea
what do you think i think i could do
that
it's fantastic
how
interesting it's very
blue it's gorgeous
oh good
here's the sculpture
it was made by a british sculptor
it's called city of gold
is it really gold no it's made of wood
it was painted gold
what do you think it's
cool mr evans i
think it would look good in your office
i think i preferred the painting
i'm fascinated by it good
and here's the photograph
it's called winter it was photographed
in paris
there's nothing there it's a photograph
of snow in a park
maybe i should buy them all what do you
think
hey look i'm an artist
here's my latest work it's called office
wall it was inspired by
looking at the walls of the office
are you a photographer yes well no i i
take a lot of pictures
hmm well i'm not so crazy about that one
but i do like what you've done here
oh i'm very moved by it actually
it's a fascinating mixture of eastern
and western traditions
you have talent i do i think i could
sell this
really it's very good
i'm crazy about photography
well do you have any more of your work
here uh
no
here's my card
why don't you bring me some pieces on
friday
okay bye-bye
[Laughter]
so where are we going to put
this thing hang it by my desk
really yeah as an artist i'm
really starting to like it as a matter
of fact
i think it's one of the most interesting
works i've ever seen
bob can you help me with something sure
i'm trying to print a file but the
printer won't work
push the green button on the printer why
to turn it on it won't print unless it's
on
oh right silly me thank you
hey bob my laptop crashed and i can't
get it to do anything
i type on the keyboard and nothing
happens
stick this here why
to restart the computer you sure
okay thanks
bob i could use a hand with something
what is it somebody sent me an email
but i think it has a virus in it don't
open the attachment click
on the no virus icon on the toolbar why
to clean the computer and stop the virus
thanks
bob can i ask you another question i'm
sorry but i can't get any work done with
all these questions please i have some
very important stuff i need to finish
right now
very important stuff
how can i help you
hey mr evans yes
you asked me to build a website for the
company oh yes how's it coming along
well sir i i think i need some new
technology
what do you need a new scanner
what's that it's a scanner serp but it's
not nearly as good
this one this one would give us much
better photos
okay and a digital camera would be good
what's that it's not a digital camera
sir
it won't take pictures as easily as this
one
okay and also a new laptop
it's not as fast as this one
i see anything else a new dvd drive
and i could also use a new joystick
a joystick isn't that for computer games
well i don't really need the joystick
what's all this gonna cost me
well actually we could do without the
dvd drive
and the laptop and the camera
and the scanner great
what do you think about this color
what is that color it's tomato red
how does this color make you feel
happy sad
tired i don't feel like looking at any
more colors
quit complaining
how about this one
happy sad
awful i can't stand looking at it
do you plan to do this all night
this one be sure to look carefully
sad happy
very very nervous nervous about
what i'm nervous you're gonna paint the
whole wall that color
it's my apartment bob yeah but we come
here
a lot can we discuss leaving the walls
just like this
i'm tired of looking at yellow walls
fine can you at least choose a color
we'll all be excited about
there is no color you all like paul's
feeling happy about everything
marie's feeling sad about everything and
you just seem to hate color don't you
bob
i love color just not
those colors okay then why don't you
find a color that everybody loves
what do you think of this color i like
it
i like it too actually i love it
i'm not painting the walls the same
color as my sofa
the whole room would be green you could
change the color of the sofa
to what the color of the walls would be
a nice color
marie you've been so quiet are you okay
i'm just a little down in the dumps
oh i'm sorry
we've been arguing about colors and
you're feeling blue
hmm blue
what's wrong marie don't know
i can't put my finger on it i've just
been feeling
out of sorts don't worry
i can help dr cheer is here
doctor who at school people call me dr
cheer because i'm always happy and i
enjoy cheering people up
you know that's true you're always
cheering me up
how do you do that i practice laughing
every day laughing at what
nothing i just choose to laugh
you just decide to laugh i can't do that
it's not in my nature how do you know
just try let me hear you laugh
ha ha louder
come on
you're right it's not your personality
what now dr cheer
chocolate yes
works every time
today we're going to study about the
topic shoes
okay there are many types of shoes and
today i'll introduce to you
first let's study the structure of a
shoe
now look at this hill this is
hill the hill may be high maybe short
maybe flat
okay so we say hill don't say
you okay that is not you this is
long inhale heel
this one under your under your foot okay
this is so so
this one where the toes are so this is
toe the toe of the shoe toe
toe in this one we use a string to
fasten the shoe
this is shoe laces shoe laces
okay so one more time heel
heel soul soul
toe toe shoe laces
shoelaces now let's
start the eleven types of shoes
first flash flood remember the consonant
cluster
fl flash flash
flash that means flat shoes no heel
no heel okay so flats or flat shoes
number two sn sneakers
sneakers sneakers is you know the
shoes you usually wear when you play
sport
or when you uh go out with friends
usually you wear with jeans and t-shirt
okay
so sneakers sneakers
three loafers loafers
loafers loafer it's just like the men's
shoes
leather shoes leather that means
the skin of animals so we say leather
shoes
leather shoes and loafers but loafers
here
without shoelaces no shoelaces okay so
it is loafers loafers
loafers number four flea flop
remember fl flip flops flip flops
is there uh the shoes that you usually
wear when you are at home or you use in
the bedroom
okay or when you go to the beach that is
called
flip flops flip flip flops
okay number five high heels
high heels that means this is the heel
and high heel
very high high heels okay high heels
number six pumps
pumps usually for women pumps um
this is a very formal series that you
usually wear
in a meeting or in the company and
uh it's it's plain and it doesn't
it does not cover the toes of your shoes
uh the toes of your foot okay so these
the pumps
uh like this usually um
the palm with the heel is like this okay
not very small that is the pumps okay
okay so we have pums number seven
boots don't say boots when t and s go
together we choose for now
s strongly boots boots
okay boots is
just like your shoes but it cover not
just
your food but also your ankle and maybe
um maybe the lower part of your legs
okay
i usually you use boots in the winter to
keep you warm
so it is boots boots
number eight oxford oxford
oxfords usually for men's
men's shoes nowadays women you women
wear offers too oxford is the leather
shoes okay leather shoes
usually okay just like these leather
shoes with
shoelaces okay so that is oxford
ox oxford remember
oxford oxford number nine
tennis shoe technique shoes you use
these shoes to play tennis okay tennis
shoes tennis
shoes tennis shoes number 10
high king boots hiking boots you wear
this kind of boots to
go hiking okay hiking boots
number 11 sandals american english
sandals in british english sandals okay
remember the difference oh i'm sorry the
difference between
the difference between ah in
english and in american english in
british english
or american english american english
sandals
in british english sandals okay
now for sandals you can say
high heeled sandals that means there's
sandals with high heels
or you can say platform centers
platform centers is um okay the heel
is high and thick okay
uh the high heel is like this
okay uh and
the platform is just like this
okay platform like this okay very thick
so we have so we have
platform now this
is platform platform standards
or we can say flat sandals flat sandals
that
means the sandals would now heal okay
sandals high heel
high heeled plaque platform
flaps okay so one more time
flats flats sneakers
sneakers loafers loafers
flip flops flip flops
high heels high heels pumps
pumps boots boots
this one oxford oxford
number nine tennis shoes tennis shoes
hiking boots hiking boots
sandals sandals high heeled
sandals platform sandals and
flat sandals okay now let's go to some
questions and answer
now remember here
you have no usually
of course we say one foot but we say two
feet
right a person have two feet
so two two feet that means
every shoes you need two two shoes
right so that is the reason why we have
to use
s here as here because there are
two right shoes pumps
boots oscars tennis shoes boots
sandals okay that is the reason why we
have to use
s at the ends because we have two feet
so every shoes we need two
okay so when you talk about shoes
remember to use
a pair of okay a pair of means two go
together
the same thing okay a pair of so you can
say
a pair of flats a pair of sneakers a
pair of loafers
a pair of flip-flops a pair
a pair of high heels a pair of pumps a
pair of boots
a pair of oxfords a pair of tennis shoes
a pair of hiking boots and a pair of
sandals
okay a pair of now
of course if you have if you have two
three pairs you can say uh three pairs
but remember pair with s here okay
more than two you say two pair two pairs
three pairs
ten pairs five pairs remember with s but
this is just
a pair